Paper "Evolving a Real-time Evacuation for Urban Disaster Management" was
accepted as a full paper to GECCO 2017

These are the relevent reviewer comments:

*** Reviewer 2
2a. "To make the test cases more relevant the same network should be applied."

    * Redesign tests for Boise network. However, some may not be fitting.

2b. "Due to the similarity in the quality of the responses know the
    computational response time is important, it is not clear whether the
    simulation time and the running time is the same."

    * Take time to clarify the difference between run and sim time.

    * Keep real-time in paper, specify why we include real time instead of
    evaluations or some other universal metric - real time (like minutes)
    is not generally comparable, but we want to make it clear that our model
    can be used for a real-world application.

2c. "Please revised this sentence in different places: Results are shown Table
    X. Please remove the double period in the following sentence: In the case
    3 test the safe nodes move over one node (see Figure 9).."

*** Reviewer 3
3a. "It is probably an overstatement to talk about a "language" when that
    language is basically a graph and agents on that graph. You can simply use
    any simulation system or variables."

    * ??

3b. "And also you are dealing with a dynamic optimization problem, which
    besides, is often approached as a multiobjective problem."

    * Reference multiobjective optimization for evacuation problems paper.

3c. "Dynamic route planning should have been analyzed as background, and maybe
    compared."

    * Add other, more recently found, papers on DTA (from thesis).

3d. "The graph used, besides, is unrealistic and I don't see the way it would
    scale to real world applications, which is the topic of this track. Real 
    world would include thousands of nodes and edges, and a more complicated
    topology. You should have at least tried to test success rate and time in
    those cases."

    * Use Boise network for dynamic tests. 

3e. "Taking into account that it takes one hour in the simple case, I don't see
    how it would approach anything manageable in a real case. Open Street Map,
    for instance, provides several tools that yield the graph for maps."

    * Investigate Open Street Map. Again, clarify sim time vs run time."

3f. "Also the fact that you are talking about evaluations should impose
    constraints on the time needed to solve the problem. When you are actually
    evacuating a city, it's probably not possible to use one hour on planning
    the routes, such as you should in this paper."

    * Sim time vs run time clarification again.

*** Reviewer 4
4a. "Is there a typo in the eight line of the last paragraph of the Section 3?
    "...each real in the...""

4b. "Increase size of Figures 1 and 11 for better readability."

4c. "Replace white background for figures 2-9 and 12."

4d. "Why don't you consider self-adaptive parameters for dynamic tests?"

    * Is it too late to add? Probably. Explain why we haven't, add to
    future work?

4e. "Are 10 runs enough? For statistical purposes there should be at least
    20 runs."

    * Can simply add more runs for updated experiments.
